hi I'm Brandon del Campo I'm Johanna
zeiger and we're here to teach you how
to run like Ana look in
joana Zeiger here is a olympian she was
fourth lifx a triathlon she's also a
half ironman world champion and a
two-time Olympic Trials marathon runner
this is Brennan del Campo and trying to
lose this muffin top these to be really
fit when he ran track at UCLA and he's
also an age group Ironman 70.3 world
champion
all right so Johanna what are we doing
today today we're going to do an
exercise called arm rotations okay so
why are we doing that well you know most
people think oh I just brought my legs
but I don't need to do my arms
well the arms are very an important part
of the running gait it propels you
forward right and one thing that really
happens is most people are sitting at
their desk all day or they're riding a
bike and they end up very hunched over
like this yeah and you see a lot of
runners at the especially the end of a
long run or at the end of a race and
they're like this okay and if you're
like this looking like Quasimodo um you
can't breathe very well it's gonna
restrict your diaphragm right and it's
also not going to allow your leg to get
back as far because you're hunched over
right so we are going to do so yeah and
I mean I can even feel over time I just
you know
I just look around it yeah he's really
random you know that's an exaggeration
alright cuz it feel it does feel awkward
to stand in a you know within shadows
back in that position your mother always
told you to stand in it does so we're
gonna try and remedy that today with our
button okay so what do I have to do here
well the first thing we're gonna do is
you want to stand straight you want your
pelvis in neutral position so you don't
want your back arched and you don't sort
of want it swayed forward so that you're
kind of feeling that once mm-hm alright
then what you do is going to pinch your
shoulder blades together somewhere
nice you know so shoulder blades
together not pinched my bench and I'll
show you even better pinching on this
old way she's always gotta do everything
you want to better you don't want to
look at the shoulders up in pinch you
want to keep the shoulders down in pitch
right which I definitely tends to my
neck yeah I did that so chest shoulders
okay I figured to pinch your shoulder
blades mm-hmm bring your hands out to
the side and you want to make sure that
your knuckles are flat okay not knuckles
in like this but knuckles flat like that
thumbs pointed forward arms back locks
your neck yeah Wow okay now we're gonna
make circles about eight to ten inches
in diameter okay white and spread your
feet shoulder width apart there you go
think I'm making over he was making
openness okay and we're gonna do this
for about thirty Seconds to a minute and
it looks really big adjustable definite
this is not simple or as easy as it
looks
especially if you're doing her I mean I
suppose women probably not a better time
than men why do you say that guys sexist
I don't know it's because men are tight
we're tight individuals well I know a
lot of tight women - so all right all
right tight women coming to my side all
right so that's it you're done okay
all right so we want to make sure that
the weight stays even throughout the
foot and you're trying to lean forward
right come back just a little bit and
don't arch your back I mean it's
possible that just standing here is an
exercise for it is so we're going to 30
about 30 seconds to a minute in the
forward direction and then after you've
reached your 30 seconds to a minute
you're going to flip your hands over so
that your knuckles are facing up and the
thumbs are back and then we're gonna go
backwards again you want to keep the
shoulder blades pinched yes and the
tight people get a break no type of she
won't get a break again shook feet are
gonna be shoulder width apart yes
you want to distribute the weight evenly
across both feet you don't want to arch
your back
see ya the vacancies are easily tight
right is yeah I'm it this this feels
comfortable to me out here that is
extremely challenging alright and your
back is really arched down eventually
his back won't be so arched like mine
relax your neck look like a turtle
like everything is just too small like
if my tendons are too small or something
oh maybe the recipe is too big alright
so we understand that most of you
probably almost all of you including me
are not going to run in the Olympics or
like an Olympian but one of the goals
with this is to be able to train like an
Olympian and maximize your own Olympic
potential right
and remember function Eagles fast
exactly so do the circles as painful as
they are doing
all right so joini what do we have on
tap for today we have one that I know
you are not going to like okay it must
have to do with quads it does we're
gonna do one called the wall quad
stretch all right
and the reason why we're doing this is
to open up the psoas muscle which is the
front of the hip here and also to loosen
the quad and what happens is people are
sitting whether they're at work or in
front their computer or in their car or
watching TV and that really shortens
these muscles so this exercise is so
important to open that up so that when
you go out and run you can maximize your
date